Refactor getting started guide to use the sample spring-petclinic (#1085)
redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: docs/userguide/modules/getting-started/partials/next-steps.adoc

> By using service bindings, developers are able to more easily leverage
> the services available to them on a Kubernetes cluster. This method
> provides consistency accross different services and is repeatable for
> the developers. By remove the usual manual and error prone
> configuration, they benefit from a unified way to do
> application-to-service linkage.
> 
> You can continue to learn more about Service Binding by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using service bindings, developers are able to more easily leverage the services available to them on a Kubernetes cluster. This method provides consistency across different services and is repeatable for
the developers. Service binding provides a unified way to create a binding connection between the application and service and eliminates the need for the usual manual and error-prone configuration.

For more information, see the following sections:
```

Author: thx
